<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" /><link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" /><title>Simple001</title></head><body><div><span id="page1"></span><p class="p_style0"><span class="style0">Header 1</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">S</span><span class="style2">AMPLE</span><span class="style2"> </span><span class="style1"> I</span><span class="style2">NPUT</span><span class="style2"> </span><span class="style1"> F</span><span class="style2">ILE</span><span class="style2"> </span><span class="style1"> (C</span><span class="style2">ENTERED</span><span class="style1">, B</span><span class="style2">OLD AND</span><span class="style2"> </span><span class="style1"> S</span><span class="style2">MALL</span><span class="style2"> </span><span class="style1"> C</span><span class="style2">APS</span><span class="style1">)</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style3">Left Aligned Heading, Bold Underlined</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style4">Right Aligned Heading, Bold Italic</span></p><p class="p_style3"><span class="style5">Regular paragraph.</span><span class="style0"> </span><span class="style0"> On the Insert tab, the galleries include items that are designed to coordinate with the overall look of your document. You can use these galleries to insert tables, headers, footers, lists, cover pages, and other document building blocks. When you create pictures, charts, or diagrams, they also coordinate with your current document look.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style6">Heading A</span></p><p class="p_style5"><span class="style6">Heading B</span><span class="style6"> </span><span class="style0"> (Straddle Heading)</span></p><p class="p_style6"><span class="style6">Heading C</span></p><table class="borderless"><colgroup><col style="width:148px;" /><col style="width:66px;" /><col style="width:95px;" /><col style="width:20px;" /><col style="width:139px;" /><col style="width:64px;" /><col style="width:87px;" /></colgroup><tr><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">Row 1 ..........................</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">$</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">1,111</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">$</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">1,112</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">$</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">1,113</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">Row 2, with extra text to create a wrap .........</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style7">$</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style7">2,111</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style7">$</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style7">2,112</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style7">$</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">2,113</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">Row 3 …………………………</span></p></td><td></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">$3,111</span></p></td><td></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">$ 3,112</span></p></td><td></td><td><p class="p_style7"><span class="style0">$3,113</span></p></td></tr></table><p class="p_style4"><span class="style8">•</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style5">Bulleted Paragraphs.</span><span class="style0"> </span><span class="style0"> You can easily change the formatting of selected text in the document text by choosing a look for the selected text from the Quick Styles gallery on the Home tab. You can also format text directly by using the other controls on the Home tab. Most controls offer a choice of using the look from the current theme or using a format that you specify directly.</span></p><ul><li><p class="p_style8"><span class="style9">o</span><span class="style9"> </span><span class="style0"> To change the overall look of your document, choose new Theme elements on the Page</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style0">Layout tab. To change the looks available in the Quick Style gallery, use the Change Current Quick Style Set command. Both the Themes gallery and the Quick Styles gallery provide reset commands so that you can always restore the look of your document to the original contained in your current template.</span></p></li></ul><p class="p_style4"><span class="style0">1.</span></p><p class="p_style3"><span class="style5">Numbered Paragraphs.</span><span class="style0"> </span><span class="style0"> On the Insert tab, the galleries include items that are designed to coordinate with the overall look of your document. You can use these galleries to insert tables, headers, footers, lists, cover pages, and other document building blocks. When you create pictures, charts, or diagrams, they also coordinate with your current document look.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style0">a. To change the overall look of your document, choose new Theme elements on the Page</span></p><p class="p_style11"><span class="style0">Layout tab. To change the looks available in the Quick Style gallery, use the Change Current Quick Style Set command. Both the Themes gallery and the Quick Styles gallery provide reset commands so that you can always restore the look of your document to the original contained in your current template.</span></p><p class="p_style12"><span class="style7">Justified text.</span><span class="style0"> </span><span class="style0"> You can easily change the formatting of selected text in the document text by choosing a look for the selected text from the Quick Styles gallery on the Home tab. You can also format text directly by using the other controls on the Home tab. Most controls offer a choice of using</span><span class="style0"> </span><span class="style7"> the look from the current</span><span class="style0"> </span><span class="style0"> theme or using a format that you specify directly.</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style0">Footer 1</span></p></div></body></html>