<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" /><link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" /><title>ALCHEMIST-147-2</title></head><body><div><span id="page1"></span><table class="borderless"><colgroup><col style="width:127px;" /><col style="width:296px;" /></colgroup><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style0">Appendix A</span><span class="style0"> </span><span class="style1"> Continued</span></p></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Euro Short Term Bond Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global Bond Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global Convertible Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global High Income Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global High Yield Short Term Bond Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global Investment Grade Corporate Bond Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global Total Return (EUR) Bond Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global Unconstrained Bond Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco India Bond Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Real Return (EUR) Bond Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Renminbi Fixed Income Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Sterling Bond Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Strategic Income Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco UK Investment Grade Bond Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Unconstrained Bond Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco US High Yield Bond Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco US Investment Grade Corporate Bond Fund</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style3">Mixed Assets Funds:</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Asia Balanced Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global Income Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global Moderate Allocation Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Pan European High Income Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Sustainable Allocation Fund</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style3">Other Mixed</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Balanced-Risk Allocation Fund</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style3">Assets Funds:</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Balanced-Risk Select Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global Absolute Return Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global Conservative Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global Targeted Returns Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Global Targeted Returns Select Fund</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco Macro Allocation Strategy Fund</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style3">Feeder Funds:</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">Invesco UK Equity Income Fund</span></p></td></tr></table><span id="page2"></span><div class="layout_style0"><p class="p_style1"><span class="style0">21 Important IInfforrmaattioionn</span><span class="style0"> </span><span class="style1"> Continued</span></p></div><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">This Prospectus comprises information on Invesco Funds (the “SICAV”), a UCITS under Part I of the Law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment as amended or supplemented from time to time (the “2010 Law”) authorised and supervised by the CSSF in Luxembourg. The SICAV is an umbrella investment company with variable capital having segregated liability between its sub-funds (the “Funds”). Authorisation by the CSSF does not imply approval by any Luxembourg authority of the contents of this Prospectus or of any portfolio of securities held by the Funds. Any representation to the contrary is unauthorised and unlawful. In particular, authorisation of the SICAV and the Funds by the CSSF does not constitute a warranty as to the performance of the Funds and the CSSF shall not be liable for the performance or default of the SICAV and the Funds.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">A Key Investor Information Document (“KIID”) is available for each launched Share class of the Funds. In addition to summarising important information in this Prospectus, the KIID shall contain information on the historical performance for each Share class of the Funds. The KIID is a pre-contractual document, which shall provide information on the risk profile of the relevant Fund, including appropriate guidance and warnings in relation to the risks associated with investment in the Fund and includes a synthetic risk and reward indicator in the form of a numerical scale, which ranks risks associated with investment on a scale of one to seven. Please note that in accordance with the UCITS Directive if you are an investor, who invests directly in the SICAV in your own name and behalf, you must be in receipt of the most up-to-date version of the relevant KIID before placing your subscription and/or switch of Shares; otherwise, the relevant transaction may be delayed or rejected. The English versions of the KIID shall be available on the website of the Management Company (</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invescomanagementcompany.lu">www.invescomanagementcompany.lu</a></span><span class="style2">) and where relevant, translations of the KIID shall be available on the Invesco Local Websites, accessible through</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invesco.com"> www.invesco.com</a></span><span class="style2">. The KIID can also be obtained at the registered office of the Management Company.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Statements made in this Prospectus are, except where otherwise stated, based on the law and practice currently in force in Luxembourg and are subject to changes therein. The delivery of this Prospectus (whether or not accompanied by any Reports) or the issue of Shares shall not, under any circumstances, create any implication that the affairs of the SICAV and the Funds have not changed since the date hereof.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representations in connection with the offering of Shares other than those contained in this Prospectus and the Reports, and, if given or made, such information or representations must not be relied on as having been authorised by the SICAV.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering of Shares in certain jurisdictions may be restricted. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. This Prospectus does not constitute an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">The SICAV draws the attention of the investors to the fact that any investor will only be able to fully exercise his/her investor rights directly against the SICAV, notably the right to participate in general meeting of Shareholders if the investor is registered himself/herself and in his/her own name in the register of Shareholders. In cases where an investor invests in the SICAV through an intermediary investing into the SICAV in his/her own name but on behalf of the investor, it may not always be possible</span> <span class="style2">for the investor to exercise certain Shareholder rights. Investors are advised to take advice on their rights.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Shareholders and potential investors (and intermediaries acting for potential investors) should refer also to Section 5.2.4 (Restrictions on ownership of Shares) for further details about the general definition of ‘Prohibited Persons’ and Section 5.4.3 (Compulsory redemptions) for further details about compulsory redemptions.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">This Prospectus may be translated into other languages.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">In such cases, the translation shall be as close as possible to a direct translation from the English text and any changes therefrom shall be only as necessary to comply with the requirements of the regulatory authorities of other jurisdictions. In the event of any inconsistency or ambiguity in relation to the meaning of any word or phrase in any translation, the English text shall prevail to the extent permitted by the applicable laws or regulations, and all disputes as to the terms thereof shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Luxembourg.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">The investment objective and policy of each Fund is set out in Appendix A.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Investment in the Funds should be regarded as a medium to long-term investment (for further details, please refer to Appendix A). There can be no guarantee that the objectives of the Funds will be achieved.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">The Funds’ investments are subject to normal market fluctuations and the risks inherent in all investments and there can be no assurances that appreciation will occur. It will be the policy of the SICAV to maintain a diversified portfolio of investments so as to minimise risk.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">The SICAV may, at its discretion, alter investment objective and policy provided that any material change in investment objective and policy is notified to Shareholders at least one month prior to its effective date and this Prospectus is updated accordingly.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">The investments of a Fund may be denominated in currencies other than the base currency of that Fund. The value of those investments (when converted to the base currency of that Fund) may fluctuate due to changes in exchange rates. The value of Shares and the income from them may fall as well as rise and investors may not realise their initial investment.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Attention is drawn to Section 8 (Risk Warnings).</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">All capitalised terms used in this Prospectus shall have the meanings given to them in Section 2 (Definitions) unless the context requires otherwise.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Potential investors should seek independent professional advice as to (a) the possible tax consequences, (b) the legal requirements and (c) any foreign exchange restrictions or exchange control requirements which they might encounter under the laws of the countries of their citizenship, residence or domicile and which might be relevant to the subscription, purchase, holding, switching and disposal of Shares.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Investors should note that certain Funds may be authorised for distribution to the public in their country. Please see Invesco Local Websites and/or contact your local Invesco office to verify which Funds are authorised for distribution to the public in your country.</span></p><span id="page3"></span><p class="p_style1"><span class="style0">1 Important Information</span><span class="style0"> </span><span class="style1"> Continued</span></p><p class="p_style3"><span class="style2">Certain important information on specific countries is set out in the relevant country supplement distributed together with this Prospectus, as required by the relevant local laws.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Shares may not be held by any person in breach of the law or requirements of any country or governmental authority including, without limitation, exchange control regulations. Each investor must represent and warrant to the SICAV that, amongst other things, he is able to acquire Shares without violating applicable laws. Power is reserved in the Articles to reject subscriptions for any reason or to compulsorily redeem any Shares held directly or beneficially in contravention of these prohibitions.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">The SICAV is subject to investment supervision as defined in the German Investment Tax Act. The business objective of each Fund is limited to the investment and administration of that Fund’s assets for the joint account of the investors, and none of the Funds engage in an active entrepreneurial management of assets in the context of the German Investment Tax Act.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Any person to whom an interest is issued or sold must not, within 12 months after the issue, offer, transfer or assign that interest to investors in Australia except in circumstances where disclosure to investors is not required under the Corporations Act.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Important Information for New Zealand residents</span><span class="style3"> </span><span class="style2"> The provision of this Prospectus to any person does not constitute an offer of financial products for issue or sale in, or to any person in, New Zealand for the purposes of the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (</span><span class="style4">NZ Act</span><span class="style2">) and, accordingly, there is neither a product disclosure statement (PDS) nor any other register entry information available in respect of the offer (and, to avoid doubt, this document is neither a registered PDS nor any type of entry information for the purposes of the NZ Act).</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">No person may:</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style5"></span><span class="style5"> </span><span class="style2"> offer, sell or deliver any Shares, or distribute any documents relating to the Shares (including this</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Important Information for US Persons</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">None of the Shares have been or will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”), or registered or qualified under applicable state statutes, and none of the Shares may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the United States of America or in any of its territories or possessions (the “United States”) or to any US Person (as defined herein). The SICAV has not been and will not be registered under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), and investors will not be entitled to the benefits and protections of the 1940 Act. Shareholders are also required to notify the Registrar and Transfer Agent and/or the Data Processing Agent immediately in the event that they become a US Person and the Registrar and Transfer Agent and/or the Data Processing Agent may, at its discretion, redeem or otherwise dispose of the Shares by transferring them to a person who is not a US Person. Investors are directed to the definition of “US Persons” in Section 2 (Definitions).</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">The SICAV will not knowingly offer or sell Shares to any investor to whom such offer or sale would be unlawful, or might result in the SICAV incurring any liability to taxation or suffering any other pecuniary disadvantages which the SICAV might not otherwise incur or suffer or would result in the SICAV being required to register under the 1940 Act or under the Commodities Exchange Act.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style5"></span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">document), to any person within New Zealand; or apply for Shares from New Zealand.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">The foregoing does not preclude the SICAV from electing to offer, in the SICAV’s sole discretion, Shares to certain persons or types of persons in New Zealand from time to time.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Important Information for Canadian residents</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">The Shares in the Funds which are described in this Prospectus have not been and will not be registered for distribution in Canada and may not be directly or indirectly offered or sold in Canada to or for the account or benefit of any resident of Canada, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of Canada and/or its provinces and where the resident of Canada is able to demonstrate and certify that they are able to purchase the relevant Fund and are “accredited investors”.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Important Information for Australian residents</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">The provision of this Prospectus to any person does not constitute an offer of an interest to that person or an invitation to apply for an interest. Any such offer or invitation will only be extended to a person in Australia if that person is:</span></p><ul><li><p class="p_style2"><span class="style5"></span><span class="style5"> </span><span class="style2"> a sophisticated or professional investor for the purposes of section 708 of the Corporations Act of Australia; and</span></p></li><li><p class="p_style2"><span class="style5"></span><span class="style5"> </span><span class="style2"> a wholesale client for the purposes of section 761G of the Corporations Act of Australia.</span></p></li></ul><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">This document is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other class of persons in Australia.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">This document is not a disclosure document under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act or a product disclosure statement under Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act. It is not required to, and does not, contain all the information which would be required in a disclosure document or a product disclosure statement. It has not been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.</span></p><span id="page4"></span><div class="layout_style1"></div><p class="p_style5"><span class="style3">3.1 General information </span><br /><span class="style3">The SICAV</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Invesco Funds </span><br /><span class="style3">(Registered Office)</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Vertigo Building - Polaris</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">L-2453 Luxembourg</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Management Company</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Invesco Management S.A.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">37A Avenue JF Kennedy</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">L-1855 Luxembourg</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Website:</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invescomanagementcompany.lu"> www.invescomanagementcompany.lu</a></span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Depositary</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">The Bank of New York Mellon (International) Limited,</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Luxembourg Branch</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Vertigo Building - Polaris</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">L-2453 Luxembourg</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Administration Agent, Domiciliary and Corporate</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Agent and Paying Agent</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">The Bank of New York Mellon (International) Limited,</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Luxembourg Branch</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Vertigo Building - Polaris</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">L-2453 Luxembourg</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Registrar &amp; Transfer Agent</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">International Financial Data Services (Luxembourg) S.A.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">47, Avenue J.F. Kennedy</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">L-1855 Luxembourg</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Data Processing Agent</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">International Financial Data Services (Ireland) Limited</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Bishop’s Square</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Redmond’s Hill,</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Dublin 2</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Ireland</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Global Distributor</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Invesco Global Asset Management DAC</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Central Quay, Riverside IV,</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Sir John Rogerson’s Quay</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Dublin 2</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Ireland</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Correspondence Address for Client Queries:</span><span class="style3"> </span><span class="style2"> c/o International Financial Data Services (Ireland) Limited Bishop’s Square</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Redmond’s Hill </span><br /><span class="style2">Dublin 2 </span><br /><span class="style2">Ireland</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Auditors</span></p><p class="p_style6"><span class="style3">PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative</span><span class="style3"> </span><span class="style2"> 2, rue Gerhard Mercator</span></p><p class="p_style6"><span class="style2">L-2182 Luxembourg</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style3">Investment Managers/Investment Sub-Managers</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style3">Invesco Advisers, Inc.</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">1555 Peachtree Street, N.E.</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Atlanta</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Georgia</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">GA 30309</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">USA</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management Deutschland GmbH</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">An der Welle 5</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">D-60322 Frankfurt am Main</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Germany</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management Limited</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Registered Office</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Perpetual Park</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Perpetual Park Drive</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Henley-on-Thames</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Oxfordshire RG9 1HH</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">United Kingdom</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management (Japan) Limited</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Roppongi Hills Mori Tower 14F</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">P.O. Box 115,</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">10-1, Roppongi 6-chome, Minato-ku</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Tokyo 106-6114</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Japan</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style3">Invesco Canada Ltd.</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">5140 Yonge Street</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Suite 800</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Toronto</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Ontario MN2 6X7</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">Canada</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style3">Invesco Hong Kong Limited</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style2">41/F, Champion Tower</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style2">Three Garden Road</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style2">Central</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style2">Hong Kong</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management Singapore Ltd</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style2">9 Raffles Place</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style2">#18-01 Republic Plaza</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style2">Singapore 0148619</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style3">Legal Adviser as to Luxembourg law</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style3">Arendt &amp; Medernach S.A.</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style2">41A, Avenue J.F. Kennedy </span><br /><span class="style2">L-2082 Luxembourg</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">3.2 Main points of contact for different countries*</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style3">Austria</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management Österreich -</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style3">Zweigniederlassung der Invesco Asset Management</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style3">Deutschland GmbH</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style2">Rotenturmstrasse 16-18</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style2">A-1010 Vienna</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style2">Austria</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style2">Telephone: + 43 1 316 20 00</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style2">Fax: + 43 1 316 20 20</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style2">Website:</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invesco.at"> http://www.invesco.at</a></span></p><span id="page5"></span><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Belgium, Norway, Denmark and Finland</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management S.A. Belgian Branch</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">235 Avenue Louise</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">B-1050, Brussels</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Belgium</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Phone +322 641 0170</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Fax +322 641 0175</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Website:</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invesco.be"> http://www.invesco.be</a></span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">France</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management S.A.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">18 rue de Londres</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">75009 Paris</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">France</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Phone +33 1 56 62 43 00</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Fax +33 1 56 62 43 83/ 43 20</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Website:</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invesco.fr"> http://www.invesco.fr</a></span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Spain, Portugal and Latin America</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management S.A. Sucursal en España</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Calle Goya 6/ 3rd Floor</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">28001 Madrid</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Spain</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Phone: +00 34 91 781 3020</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Fax: +00 34 91 576 0520</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Website:</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invesco.es"> http://www.invesco.es</a></span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Germany</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">German Information Agent</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management Deutschland GmbH</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">An der Welle 5</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">D-60322 Frankfurt am Main</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Germany</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Phone +49 69 29807 0</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Fax +49 69 29807 159</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Website:</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.de.invesco.com"> http://www.de.invesco.com</a></span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Hong Kong and Macau</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management Asia Limited</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">41/F, Champion Tower</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Three Garden Road,</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Central Hong Kong</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Phone +852 3128 6000</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Fax +852 3128 6001</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Website:</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invesco.com.hk"> http://www.invesco.com.hk</a></span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Italy and Greece</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management S.A. Sede Secondaria</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Via Bocchetto, 6</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">20123 Milano</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Italy</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Phone +39 02 88074 1</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Fax +39 02 88074 391</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Website:</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invesco.it"> http://www.invesco.it</a></span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Ireland</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">Invesco Global Asset Management DAC</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Central Quay, Riverside IV,</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Sir John Rogerson’s Quay</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Dublin 2</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Ireland</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Phone +353 1 439 8000</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Fax +353 1 439 8400</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">Website:</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invesco.com"> http://www.invesco.com</a></span> <span class="style3">Correspondence Address for Client Queries:</span><span class="style3"> </span><span class="style2"> c/o International Financial Data Services (Ireland) Limited Bishop’s Square</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Redmond’s Hill Dublin 2 </span><br /><span class="style2">Ireland</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Netherlands</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management SA Dutch Branch</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Vinoly Building</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Claude Debussylaan 26</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">1082 MD Amsterdam</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Netherlands</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Phone +31 208 00 61 82</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Fax +31 208 00 61 77</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Website:</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invesco.nl"> http://www.invesco.nl</a></span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Sweden</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management S.A (France) Swedish Filial</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Stureplan 4c/4th Floor</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Stockholm 11435</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Sweden</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Phone: +46 8 463 11 06</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Fax: + 32 2 641 01 75</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Switzerland</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Invesco Asset Management (Switzerland) Ltd</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Talacker 34</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">8001 Zurich</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Switzerland</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Phone +41 44 287 90 00</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Fax +41 44 287 90 10</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Website:</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invesco.ch"> http://www.invesco.ch</a></span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">United Kingdom</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Invesco Fund Managers Limited</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Registered Office</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Perpetual Park</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Perpetual Park Drive</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Henley-on-Thames</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Oxfordshire RG9 1HH</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">United Kingdom</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Phone: +44 (0) 1491 417 000</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Fax: +44 (0) 1491 416 000</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">Website: http://</span><span class="style2"><a href="http://www.invescoperpetual.co.uk"> www.invescoperpetual.co.uk</a></span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">* For more information about local Invesco offices please refer to the Invesco Internet Site</span><span class="style3"><a href="http://www.invesco.com"> www.invesco.com</a></span><span class="style3">.</span></p><p class="p_style6"><span class="style3">Shareholders resident in Europe may also refer to</span><span class="style3"><a href="http://www.invescoeurope.com"> www.invescoeurope.com</a></span><span class="style3">.</span></p><span id="page6"></span><p class="p_style10"><span class="style3">4.1 Types of Shares</span></p><table class="borderless"><colgroup><col style="width:43px;" /><col style="width:179px;" /><col style="width:183px;" /><col style="width:154px;" /><col style="width:89px;" /></colgroup><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style6">Shares</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style6">Available to</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style6">Minimum Initial Subscription Amount (in any of the dealing currencies listed in the Application Form)**</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style6">Minimum Shareholding (in the currency in which the Share class is denominated)</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style6">Initial charges</span><span class="style7">#</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">A</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">All investors</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 1,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 1,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 10,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 35,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 10,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 120,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 2,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 5,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 2,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 10,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">N/A</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Not exceeding 5.00% of the gross investment amount</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">B</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Customers of distributors or intermediaries appointed specifically for the purpose of distributing the B Shares</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 1,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 1,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 10,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 35,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 10,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 120,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 2,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 5,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 2,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 10,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">N/A</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Nil, CDSC payable instead.</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">C*</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Distributors (contracted with the Global Distributor or an Invesco Sub-Distributor) and their clients who have a separate fee arrangement between them, other institutional investors or any other investor at the Management Company’s discretion</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 800,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 1,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 600,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 1,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 7,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 1,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 1,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 23,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 8,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 80,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 1,200,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 3,400,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 1,200,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 7,000,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 800,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 1,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 600,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 1,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 7,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 1,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 1,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 23,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 8,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 80,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 1,200,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 3,400,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 1,200,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 7,000,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Not exceeding 5.00% of the gross investment amount</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">E</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">All investors</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 650</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 400</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 650</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 4,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 650</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 650</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 15,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 4,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 40,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 800</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 2,250</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 800</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 4,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">N/A</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Not exceeding 3.00% of the gross investment amount</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">I***</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Investors: (i) who, at the time the relevant subscription order is received, are clients of Invesco with an agreement covering the charging structure relevant to the investors’ investments in such Shares; and (ii) who are institutional investors, as may be defined from time to time by the guidelines or recommendations issued by the CSSF***</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 10,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 12,500,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 10,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 12,500,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 100,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 300,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 100,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 1,300,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 42,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 100,000,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 10,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 12,500,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 10,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 12,500,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 100,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 300,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 100,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 1,300,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 42,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 100,000,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Nil</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style6">14</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style6">Invesco Funds</span><span class="style6"> </span><span class="style8"> Prospectus</span></p></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table><span id="page7"></span><table class="borderless"><colgroup><col style="width:47px;" /><col style="width:176px;" /><col style="width:184px;" /><col style="width:153px;" /><col style="width:99px;" /></colgroup><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style6">Shares</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style6">Available to</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style6">Minimum Initial Subscription Amount (in any of the dealing currencies listed in the Application Form)</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style6">Minimum Shareholding (in the currency in which the Share class is denominated)</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style6">Initial charges</span><span class="style7">#</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">J</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Affiliates in the Invesco Group, or vehicles managed by affiliates in the Invesco Group who have signed an agreement with the SICAV acknowledging the appropriate risks associated with distributions out of capital.</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 1,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 1,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 10,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 35,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 10,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 120,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 2,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 5,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 2,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 10,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">N/A</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Not exceeding 5.00% of the gross investment amount</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">P/PI</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Investors and financial intermediaries, who have an agreement with the Management Company (covering the fee structure relevant to the investors). “PI” shares will be reserved for institutional investors, as may be defined from time to time by the guidelines or recommendations issued by the CSSF.</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 100,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 125,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 100,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 125,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 1,000,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 150,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 150,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 3,000,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 1,000,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 13,000,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 150,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 420,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 150,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 1,000,000,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 100,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 125,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 100,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 125,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 1,000,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 150,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 150,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 3,000,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 1,000,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 13,000,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 150,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 420,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 150,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 1,000,000,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Nil</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">R</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">All investors</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 1,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 1,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 10,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 35,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 10,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 120,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 2,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 5,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 2,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 10,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">N/A</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Nil</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">S</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Investors who, at the time the relevant subscription order is received, are (i) institutional investors, as defined by the guidelines or recommendations issued by the CSSF as amended from time to time, and (ii) have submitted an Application Form supplement that has been approved by the SICAV to ensure the requirements established at the time of investment have been met.</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 10,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 12,500,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 10,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 12,500,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 100,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 300,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 100,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 1,300,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 42,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 100,000,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 10,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 12,500,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 10,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 12,500,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 100,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 300,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 100,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 1,300,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 42,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 15,000,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 100,000,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Nil</span></p></td></tr><tr><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Z ****</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Distributors and financial intermediaries, which according to regulatory requirements or based on individual fee arrangements with their clients, are not allowed to accept and keep commissions on management fee, subject to the approval of the Management Company. No commissions on management fee may be paid to any distributor or financial intermediary in relation to any of the “Z” Shares.</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">EUR 1,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">USD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">GBP 1,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CHF 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SEK 10,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">AUD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CAD 1,500</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">CZK 35,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">HKD 10,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">JPY 120,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">NZD 2,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">PLN 5,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">SGD 2,000</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">RMB 10,000</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">N/A</span></p></td><td><p class="p_style0"><span class="style8">Not exceeding 5.00% of the gross investment amount</span></p></td></tr></table><p class="p_style10"><span class="style8">* Shareholders in the C Shares who subscribed when different minimum investment requirements applied, are not subject to the above minimum requirements.</span></p><p class="p_style11"><span class="style8">** Please refer to Section 5.5.2 (Multi-currency dealing) for further details about the conditions applicable to Share classes denominated in RMB and for Feeder Funds. In addition, please note that PLN will only be available as a dealing currency (within the meaning of Section 5.5.2 (Multi-currency dealing) once Share classes denominated in PLN are launched (please refer to the Website of the Management Company for the list of the share classes available in each Fund).</span></p><p class="p_style11"><span class="style8">*** Shareholders in the I Shares who subscribed when different minimum investment requirements applied, are not subject to the above minimum requirements.</span></p><p class="p_style12"><span class="style8">**** Shareholders in the Z Shares who subscribed prior to 12 December 2017, when different Share class access applied, are not subject to the above access requirements.</span></p><p class="p_style12"><span class="style9">#</span><span class="style9"> </span><span class="style8"> Reserve Funds are not subject to any initial charges.</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style6">Invesco Funds 15</span></p><p class="p_style14"><span class="style8">Prospectus</span></p></div></body></html>