<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" /><link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" /><title>Glidipion_addresses</title></head><body><div><span id="page1"></span><p class="p_style0"><span class="style0">If you get any side effects, talk to your doctor or pharmacist. This includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet. You can also report side effects directly via</span><span class="style0"> </span><span class="style1"> the national reporting system listed in</span><span class="style0"> </span><span class="style2"> Appendix V</span><span class="style0">. By reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine.</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style3">5. How to store Glidipion</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style0">Keep out of the sight and reach of children.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style0">Do not use Glidipion after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister pack after the word “EXP”. The expiry date refers to the last day of that month.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style0">This medicine does not require any special storage precautions.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style0">Do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste. Ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use. These measures will help to protect the environment.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style3">6. Contents of the pack and other information</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style3">What Glidipion contains</span></p><ul><li><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">- The active substance is pioglitazone. Each tablet contains 45 mg of pioglitazone (as hydrochloride).</span></p></li><li><p class="p_style3"><span class="style0">- The other ingredients are lactose monohydrate, hydroxypropylcellulose, carmellose calcium and magnesium stearate.</span></p></li></ul><p class="p_style3"><span class="style3">What Glidipion looks like and contents of the pack</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">Glidipion 45 mg tablets are white, round, flat, bevelled, 8 mm in diameter and engraved with ‘TZ45’ on one side.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">The tablets are supplied in aluminium blister packs of 14, 28, 30, 50, 56, 84, 90, 98 and 100 tablets. The packs with 14, 28, 56, 84 and 98 tablets contain blisters with abbreviations for days of the week printed on the blister (MON, TUE, WED, THU, FRI, SAT, SUN).</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">Not all the pack sizes may be marketed.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">Marketing Authorisation Holder and Manufacturer</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style4">Marketing Authorisation Holder</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">Actavis Group PTC ehf.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">Reykjavíkurvegi 76-78</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">220 Hafnarfjörður</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">Iceland</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style4">Manufacturer</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">Actavis Ltd.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">BLB 016 Bulebel Industrial Estate</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">Zejtun ZTN 3000</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">Malta</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">For any information about this medicine, please contact the local representative of the Marketing Authorisation Holder:</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style3">België/Belgique/Belgien</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style3">Lietuva</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">ALL-in-1 bvba</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style0">UAB “Actavis Baltics”</span></p></div></body></html>