<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" /><link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" /><title>AddBookmarks-out</title></head><body><div><span id="page6"></span><p class="p_style9"><span class="style1">Mr Bloom passed on out of the clanking noises through the gallery on to the landing. Now am I going to tram it out all the way and then catch him out perhaps. Better phone him up first. Number? Yes. Same as Citron's house. Twentyeight. Twentyeight double four.</span></p><p class="p_style9"><span class="style0">ONLY ONCE MORE THAT SOAP</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style1">He went down the house staircase. Who the deuce scrawled all over those walls with matches? Looks as if they did it for a bet. Heavy greasy smell there always is in those works. Lukewarm glue in Thom's next door when I was there.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">He took out his handkerchief to dab his nose. Citronlemon? Ah, the soap I put there. Lose it out of that pocket. Putting back his handkerchief he took out the soap and stowed it away, buttoned, into the hip pocket of his trousers.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">What perfume does your wife use? I could go home still: tram: something I forgot. Just to see: before: dressing. No. Here. No.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">A sudden screech of laughter came from the</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Evening Telegraph</span><span class="style3"> </span><span class="style1"> office. Know who that is. What's up? Pop in a minute to phone. Ned Lambert it is.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">He entered softly.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style0">ERIN, GREEN GEM OF THE SILVER SEA</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">The ghost walks, professor MacHugh murmured softly, biscuitfully to the dusty windowpane.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">Mr Dedalus, staring from the empty fireplace at Ned Lambert's quizzing face, asked of it sourly:</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Agonising Christ, wouldn't it give you a heartburn on your arse?</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">Ned Lambert, seated on the table, read on:</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style3">Or again, note the meanderings of some purling rill as it babbles on its way, tho' quarrelling with the stony obstacles, to the tumbling waters of Neptune's blue domain, 'mid mossy banks, fanned by gentlest zephyrs, played on by the glorious sunlight or 'neath the shadows cast o'er its pensive bosom by the overarching leafage of the giants of the forest</span><span class="style1">. What about that, Simon? he asked over the fringe of his newspaper. How's that for high?</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Changing his drink, Mr Dedalus said.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Ned Lambert, laughing, struck the newspaper on his knees, repeating:</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style3">The pensive bosom and the overarsing leafage</span><span class="style1">. O boys! O boys!</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">And Xenophon looked upon Marathon, Mr Dedalus said, looking again on the fireplace and to the window, and Marathon looked on the sea.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">That will do, professor MacHugh cried from the window. I don't want to hear any more of the stuff.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">He ate off the crescent of water biscuit he had been nibbling and, hungered, made ready to nibble the biscuit in his other hand.</span></p><span id="page7"></span><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">High falutin stuff. Bladderbags. Ned Lambert is taking a day off I see. Rather upsets a man's day, a funeral does. He has influence they say. Old Chatterton, the vicechancellor, is his granduncle or his greatgranduncle. Close on ninety they say. Subleader for his death written this long time perhaps. Living to spite them. Might go first himself. Johnny, make room for your uncle. The right honourable Hedges Eyre Chatterton. Daresay he writes him an odd shaky cheque or two on gale days. Windfall when he kicks out. Alleluia.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Just another spasm, Ned Lambert said.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">What is it? Mr Bloom asked.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">A recently discovered fragment of Cicero, professor MacHugh answered with pomp of tone.</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Our lovely land</span><span class="style1">. SHORT BUT TO THE POINT</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Whose land? Mr Bloom said simply.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Most pertinent question, the professor said between his chews. With an accent on the whose.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Dan Dawson's land Mr Dedalus said.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Is it his speech last night? Mr Bloom asked.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">Ned Lambert nodded.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">But listen to this, he said.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">The doorknob hit Mr Bloom in the small of the back as the door was pushed in.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Excuse me, J. J. O'Molloy said, entering.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">Mr Bloom moved nimbly aside.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">I beg yours, he said.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Good day, Jack.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Come in. Come in.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Good day.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">How are you, Dedalus?</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Well. And yourself?</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">J. J. O'Molloy shook his head.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style0">SAD</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">Cleverest fellow at the junior bar he used to be. Decline, poor chap. That hectic flush spells finis for a man. Touch and go with him. What's in the wind, I wonder. Money worry.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style3">Or again if we but climb the serried mountain peaks.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">You're looking extra.</span></p><span id="page8"></span><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Is the editor to be seen? J. J. O'Molloy asked, looking towards the inner door.</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Very much so, professor MacHugh said. To be seen and heard. He's in his sanctum with Lenehan.</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style1">J. J. O'Molloy strolled to the sloping desk and began to turn back the pink pages of the file.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">Practice dwindling. A mighthavebeen. Losing heart. Gambling. Debts of honour. Reaping the whirlwind. Used to get good retainers from D. and T. Fitzgerald. Their wigs to show the grey matter. Brains on their sleeve like the statue in Glasnevin. Believe he does some literary work for the</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Express</span><span class="style3"> </span><span class="style1"> with Gabriel Conroy. Wellread fellow. Myles Crawford began on the</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Independent.</span><span class="style3"> </span><span class="style1"> Funny the way those newspaper men veer about when they get wind of a new opening. Weathercocks. Hot and cold in the same breath. Wouldn't know which to believe. One story good till you hear the next. Go for one another baldheaded in the papers and then all blows over. Hail fellow well met the next moment.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Ah, listen to this for God' sake, Ned Lambert pleaded.</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Or again if we but climb the serried mountain peaks...</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Bombast! the professor broke in testily. Enough of the inflated windbag!</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style3">Peaks</span><span class="style1">, Ned Lambert went on,</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> towering high on high, to bathe our souls, as it were...</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Bathe his lips, Mr Dedalus said. Blessed and eternal God! Yes? Is he taking anything for it?</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style4">—</span><span class="style3">As 'twere, in the peerless panorama of Ireland's portfolio, unmatched, despite their wellpraised prototypes in other vaunted prize regions, for very beauty, of bosky grove and undulating plain and luscious pastureland of vernal green, steeped in the transcendent translucent glow of our mild mysterious Irish twilight...</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">HIS NATIVE DORIC</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">The moon, professor MacHugh said. He forgot Hamlet.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style4">—</span><span class="style3">That mantles the vista far and wide and wait till the glowing orb of the moon shine forth to irradiate her silver effulgence...</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">O! Mr Dedalus cried, giving vent to a hopeless groan. Shite and onions! That'll do, Ned. Life is too short.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style1">He took off his silk hat and, blowing out impatiently his bushy moustache, welshcombed his hair with raking fingers.</span></p><p class="p_style11"><span class="style1">Ned Lambert tossed the newspaper aside, chuckling with delight. An instant after a hoarse bark of laughter burst over professor MacHugh's unshaven blackspectacled face.</span></p><p class="p_style11"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Doughy Daw! he cried.</span></p><p class="p_style11"><span class="style0">WHAT WETHERUP SAID</span></p><p class="p_style3"><span class="style1">All very fine to jeer at it now in cold print but it goes down like hot cake that stuff. He was in the bakery line too, wasn't he? Why they call him Doughy Daw. Feathered his nest well anyhow. Daughter engaged to that chap in the inland revenue office with the motor. Hooked that nicely. Entertainments. Open house. Big blowout. Wetherup always said that. Get a grip of them by the stomach.</span></p></div></body></html>