<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" /><link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" /><title>AddBookmarks-out</title></head><body><div><span id="page1"></span><p class="p_style0"><span class="style0">IN THE HEART OF THE HIBERNIAN METROPOLIS</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">Before Nelson's pillar trams slowed, shunted, changed trolley, started for Blackrock, Kingstown and Dalkey, Clonskea, Rathgar and Terenure, Palmerston Park and upper Rathmines, Sandymount Green, Rathmines, Ringsend and Sandymount Tower, Harold's Cross. The hoarse Dublin United Tramway Company's timekeeper bawled them off:</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Rathgar and Terenure!</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Come on, Sandymount Green!</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Right and left parallel clanging ringing a doubledecker and a singledeck moved from their railheads, swerved to the down line, glided parallel.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Start, Palmerston Park!</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">THE WEARER OF THE CROWN</span></p><p class="p_style3"><span class="style1">Under the porch of the general post office shoeblacks called and polished. Parked in North Prince's street His Majesty's vermilion mailcars, bearing on their sides the royal initials, E. R., received loudly flung sacks of letters, postcards, lettercards, parcels, insured and paid, for local, provincial, British and overseas delivery.</span></p><p class="p_style3"><span class="style0">GENTLEMEN OF THE PRESS</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style1">Grossbooted draymen rolled barrels dullthudding out of Prince's stores and bumped them up on the brewery float. On the brewery float bumped dullthudding barrels rolled by grossbooted draymen out of Prince's stores.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">There it is, Red Murray said. Alexander Keyes.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Just cut it out, will you? Mr Bloom said, and I'll take it round to the</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Telegraph</span><span class="style3"> </span><span class="style1"> office.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">The door of Ruttledge's office creaked again. Davy Stephens, minute in a large capecoat, a small felt hat crowning his ringlets, passed out with a roll of papers under his cape, a king's courier.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Red Murray's long shears sliced out the advertisement from the newspaper in four clean strokes. Scissors and paste.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">I'll go through the printingworks, Mr Bloom said, taking the cut square.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Of course, if he wants a par, Red Murray said earnestly, a pen behind his ear, we can do him one.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Right, Mr Bloom said with a nod. I'll rub that in.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">We.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">WILLIAM BRAYDEN, ESQUIRE, OF OAKLANDS, SANDYMOUNT</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Red Murray touched Mr Bloom's arm with the shears and whispered:</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Brayden.</span></p><span id="page2"></span><p class="p_style5"><span class="style1">Mr Bloom turned and saw the liveried porter raise his lettered cap as a stately figure entered between the newsboards of the</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Weekly Freeman and National Press</span><span class="style3"> </span><span class="style1"> and the</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Freeman's Journal and National Press</span><span class="style1">. Dullthudding Guinness's barrels. It passed statelily up the staircase, steered by an umbrella, a solemn beardframed face. The broadcloth back ascended each step: back. All his brains are in the nape of his neck, Simon Dedalus says. Welts of flesh behind on him. Fat folds of neck, fat, neck, fat, neck.</span></p><p class="p_style5"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Don't you think his face is like Our Saviour? Red Murray whispered.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">The door of Ruttledge's office whispered: ee: cree. They always build one door opposite another for the wind to. Way in. Way out.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">Our Saviour: beardframed oval face: talking in the dusk. Mary, Martha. Steered by an umbrella sword to the footlights: Mario the tenor.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Or like Mario, Mr Bloom said.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Yes, Red Murray agreed. But Mario was said to be the picture of Our Saviour.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">Jesusmario with rougy cheeks, doublet and spindle legs. Hand on his heart. In</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Martha.</span></p><p class="p_style6"><span class="style3">Co-ome thou lost one,</span></p><p class="p_style6"><span class="style3">Co-ome thou dear one!</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style0">THE CROZIER AND THE PEN</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">His grace phoned down twice this morning, Red Murray said gravely.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">They watched the knees, legs, boots vanish. Neck.</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style1">A telegram boy stepped in nimbly, threw an envelope on the counter and stepped off posthaste with a word:</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style4">—</span><span class="style3">Freeman!</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style1">Mr Bloom said slowly:</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Well, he is one of our saviours also.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">A meek smile accompanied him as he lifted the counterflap, as he passed in through a sidedoor and along the warm dark stairs and passage, along the now reverberating boards. But will he save the circulation? Thumping. Thumping.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">He pushed in the glass swingdoor and entered, stepping over strewn packing paper. Through a lane of clanking drums he made his way towards Nannetti's reading closet.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style0">WITH UNFEIGNED REGRET IT IS WE ANNOUNCE THE DISSOLUTION OF A MOST RESPECTED DUBLIN BURGESS</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Hynes here too: account of the funeral probably. Thumping. Thump. This morning the remains of the late Mr Patrick Dignam. Machines. Smash a man to atoms if they got him caught. Rule the world today. His machineries are pegging away too. Like these, got out of hand: fermenting. Working away, tearing away. And that old grey rat tearing to get in.</span></p><span id="page3"></span><p class="p_style0"><span class="style0">HOW A GREAT DAILY ORGAN IS TURNED OUT</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style1">Mr Bloom halted behind the foreman's spare body, admiring a glossy crown.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">Strange he never saw his real country. Ireland my country. Member for College green. He boomed that workaday worker tack for all it was worth. It's the ads and side features sell a weekly, not the stale news in the official gazette. Queen Anne is dead. Published by authority in the year one thousand and. Demesne situate in the townland of Rosenallis, barony of Tinnahinch. To all whom it may concern schedule pursuant to statute showing return of number of mules and jennets exported from Ballina. Nature notes. Cartoons. Phil Blake's weekly Pat and Bull story. Uncle Toby's page for tiny tots. Country bumpkin's queries. Dear Mr Editor, what is a good cure for flatulence? I'd like that part. Learn a lot teaching others. The personal note. M. A. P. Mainly all pictures. Shapely bathers on golden strand. World's biggest balloon. Double marriage of sisters celebrated. Two bridegrooms laughing heartily at each other. Cuprani too, printer. More Irish than the Irish.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style1">The machines clanked in threefour time. Thump, thump, thump. Now if he got paralysed there and no-one knew how to stop them they'd clank on and on the same, print it over and over and up and back. Monkeydoodle the whole thing. Want a cool head.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Well, get it into the evening edition, councillor, Hynes said.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style1">Soon be calling him my lord mayor. Long John is backing him, they say.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">The foreman, without answering, scribbled press on a corner of the sheet and made a sign to a typesetter. He handed the sheet silently over the dirty glass screen.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Right: thanks, Hynes said moving off.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Mr Bloom stood in his way.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">If you want to draw the cashier is just going to lunch, he said, pointing backward with his thumb.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Did you? Hynes asked.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Mm, Mr Bloom said. Look sharp and you'll catch him.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Thanks, old man, Hynes said. I'll tap him too.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">He hurried on eagerly towards the</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Freeman's Journal</span><span class="style1">.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Three bob I lent him in Meagher's. Three weeks. Third hint.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">WE SEE THE CANVASSER AT WORK</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Mr Bloom laid his cutting on Mr Nannetti's desk.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Excuse me, councillor, he said. This ad, you see. Keyes, you remember?</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Mr Nannetti considered the cutting awhile and nodded.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">He wants it in for July, Mr Bloom said.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">The foreman moved his pencil towards it.</span></p><span id="page4"></span><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">But wait, Mr Bloom said. He wants it changed. Keyes, you see. He wants two keys at the top.</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style1">Hell of a racket they make. He doesn't hear it. Nannan. Iron nerves. Maybe he understands what I.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">The foreman turned round to hear patiently and, lifting an elbow, began to scratch slowly in the armpit of his alpaca jacket.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Like that, Mr Bloom said, crossing his forefingers at the top.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Let him take that in first.</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style1">Mr Bloom, glancing sideways up from the cross he had made, saw the foreman's sallow face, think he has a touch of jaundice, and beyond the obedient reels feeding in huge webs of paper. Clank it. Clank it. Miles of it unreeled. What becomes of it after? O, wrap up meat, parcels: various uses, thousand and one things.</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style1">Slipping his words deftly into the pauses of the clanking he drew swiftly on the scarred woodwork.</span></p><p class="p_style8"><span class="style0">HOUSE OF KEY(E)S</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Like that, see. Two crossed keys here. A circle. Then here the name. Alexander Keyes, tea, wine and spirit merchant. So on.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">Better not teach him his own business.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">You know yourself, councillor, just what he wants. Then round the top in leaded: the house of keys. You see? Do you think that's a good idea?</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">The foreman moved his scratching hand to his lower ribs and scratched there quietly.</span></p><p class="p_style7"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">The idea, Mr Bloom said, is the house of keys. You know, councillor, the Manx parliament. Innuendo of home rule. Tourists, you know, from the isle of Man. Catches the eye, you see. Can you do that?</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">I could ask him perhaps about how to pronounce that</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> voglio.</span><span class="style3"> </span><span class="style1"> But then if he didn't know only make it awkward for him. Better not.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">We can do that, the foreman said. Have you the design?</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">I can get it, Mr Bloom said. It was in a Kilkenny paper. He has a house there too. I'll just run out and ask him. Well, you can do that and just a little par calling attention. You know the usual. Highclass licensed premises. Longfelt want. So on.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style1">The foreman thought for an instant.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">We can do that, he said. Let him give us a three months' renewal.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">A typesetter brought him a limp galleypage. He began to check it silently. Mr Bloom stood by, hearing the loud throbs of cranks, watching the silent typesetters at their cases.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">ORTHOGRAPHICAL</span></p><span id="page5"></span><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Want to be sure of his spelling. Proof fever. Martin Cunningham forgot to give us his spellingbee conundrum this morning. It is amusing to view the unpar one ar alleled embarra two ars is it? double ess</span> <span class="style1">ment of a harassed pedlar while gauging au the symmetry with a y of a peeled pear under a cemetery wall. Silly, isn't it? Cemetery put in of course on account of the symmetry.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">I should have said when he clapped on his topper. Thank you. I ought to have said something about an old hat or something. No. I could have said. Looks as good as new now. See his phiz then.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style1">Sllt. The nethermost deck of the first machine jogged forward its flyboard with sllt the first batch of quirefolded papers. Sllt. Almost human the way it sllt to call attention. Doing its level best to speak. That door too sllt creaking, asking to be shut. Everything speaks in its own way. Sllt.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style0">NOTED CHURCHMAN AN OCCASIONAL CONTRIBUTOR</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style1">The foreman handed back the galleypage suddenly, saying:</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Wait. Where's the archbishop's letter? It's to be repeated in the</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Telegraph.</span><span class="style3"> </span><span class="style1"> Where's what's his name?</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style1">He looked about him round his loud unanswering machines.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Monks, sir? a voice asked from the castingbox.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Ay. Where's Monks?</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Monks!</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style1">Mr Bloom took up his cutting. Time to get out.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Then I'll get the design, Mr Nannetti, he said, and you'll give it a good place I know.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Monks!</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Yes, sir.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Three months' renewal. Want to get some wind off my chest first. Try it anyhow. Rub in August: good idea: horseshow month. Ballsbridge. Tourists over for the show.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">A DAYFATHER</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">He walked on through the caseroom passing an old man, bowed, spectacled, aproned. Old Monks, the dayfather. Queer lot of stuff he must have put through his hands in his time: obituary notices, pubs' ads, speeches, divorce suits, found drowned. Nearing the end of his tether now. Sober serious man with a bit in the savingsbank I'd say. Wife a good cook and washer. Daughter working the machine in the parlour. Plain Jane, no damn nonsense. AND IT WAS THE FEAST OF THE PASSOVER</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">He stayed in his walk to watch a typesetter neatly distributing type. Reads it backwards first. Quickly he does it. Must require some practice that. mangiD kcirtaP. Poor papa with his hagadah book, reading backwards with his finger to me. Pessach. Next year in Jerusalem. Dear, O dear! All that long business about that brought us out of the land of Egypt and into the house of bondage</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Alleluia. Shema Israel Adonai Elohenu</span><span class="style1">. No, that's the other. Then the twelve brothers, Jacob's sons. And then the lamb and the cat and the dog and the stick and the water and the butcher. And then the angel of death kills the butcher and he kills the ox and the dog kills the cat. Sounds a bit silly till you come to look into it well. Justice it means but it's everybody eating everyone else. That's what life is after all. How quickly he does that job. Practice makes perfect. Seems to see with his fingers.</span></p></div></body></html>