<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" /><link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" /><title>AddBookmarks-out</title></head><body><div><span id="page9"></span><p class="p_style12"><span class="style1">The inner door was opened violently and a scarlet beaked face, crested by a comb of feathery hair, thrust itself in. The bold blue eyes stared about them and the harsh voice asked:</span></p><p class="p_style12"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">What is it?</span></p><p class="p_style12"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">And here comes the sham squire himself! professor MacHugh said grandly.</span></p><p class="p_style12"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Getonouthat, you bloody old pedagogue! the editor said in recognition.</span></p><p class="p_style12"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Come, Ned, Mr Dedalus said, putting on his hat. I must get a drink after that.</span></p><p class="p_style12"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Drink! the editor cried. No drinks served before mass.</span></p><p class="p_style12"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Quite right too, Mr Dedalus said, going out. Come on, Ned.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style1">Ned Lambert sidled down from the table. The editor's blue eyes roved towards Mr Bloom's face, shadowed by a smile.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Will you join us, Myles? Ned Lambert asked.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style0">MEMORABLE BATTLES RECALLED</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">North Cork militia! the editor cried, striding to the mantelpiece. We won every time! North Cork and Spanish officers!</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Where was that, Myles? Ned Lambert asked with a reflective glance at his toecaps.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">In Ohio! the editor shouted.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">So it was, begad, Ned Lambert agreed.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style1">Passing out he whispered to J. J. O'Molloy:</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Incipient jigs. Sad case.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Ohio! the editor crowed in high treble from his uplifted scarlet face. My Ohio!</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">A perfect cretic! the professor said. Long, short and long.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style0">O, HARP EOLIAN!</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">He took a reel of dental floss from his waistcoat pocket and, breaking off a piece, twanged it smartly between two and two of his resonant unwashed teeth.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Bingbang, bangbang.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">Mr Bloom, seeing the coast clear, made for the inner door.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Just a moment, Mr Crawford, he said. I just want to phone about an ad.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">He went in.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">What about that leader this evening? professor MacHugh asked, coming to the editor and laying a firm hand on his shoulder.</span></p><span id="page10"></span><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">That'll be all right, Myles Crawford said more calmly. Never you fret. Hello, Jack. That's all right.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Good day, Myles, J. J. O'Molloy said, letting the pages he held slip limply back on the file. Is that Canada swindle case on today?</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">The telephone whirred inside.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Twentyeight... No, twenty... Double four... Yes.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style0">SPOT THE WINNER</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Lenehan came out of the inner office with SPORT'S tissues.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Who wants a dead cert for the Gold cup? he asked. Sceptre with O. Madden up.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">He tossed the tissues on to the table.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">Screams of newsboys barefoot in the hall rushed near and the door was flung open.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Hush, Lenehan said. I hear feetstoops.</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style1">Professor MacHugh strode across the room and seized the cringing urchin by the collar as the others scampered out of the hall and down the steps. The tissues rustled up in the draught, floated softly in the air blue scrawls and under the table came to earth.</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">It wasn't me, sir. It was the big fellow shoved me, sir.</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Throw him out and shut the door, the editor said. There's a hurricane blowing.</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style1">Lenehan began to paw the tissues up from the floor, grunting as he stooped twice.</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Waiting for the racing special, sir, the newsboy said. It was Pat Farrell shoved me, sir.</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style1">He pointed to two faces peering in round the doorframe.</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Him, sir.</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Out of this with you, professor MacHugh said gruffly.</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style1">He hustled the boy out and banged the door to.</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style1">J. J. O'Molloy turned the files crackingly over, murmuring, seeking:</span></p><p class="p_style13"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Continued on page six, column four.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Yes,</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Evening Telegraph</span><span class="style3"> </span><span class="style1"> here, Mr Bloom phoned from the inner office. Is the boss...? Yes,</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> Telegraph</span><span class="style1">... To where? Aha! Which auction rooms ?... Aha! I see... Right. I'll catch him.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style0">A COLLISION ENSUES</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style1">The bell whirred again as he rang off. He came in quickly and bumped against Lenehan who was struggling up with the second tissue.</span></p><p class="p_style1"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style3">Pardon, monsieur</span><span class="style1">, Lenehan said, clutching him for an instant and making a grimace.</span></p></div></body></html>