<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" /><link rel="stylesheet" href="stylesheet.css" /><title>AddBookmarks-out</title></head><body><div><span id="page11"></span><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">My fault, Mr Bloom said, suffering his grip. Are you hurt? I'm in a hurry.</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Knee, Lenehan said.</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style1">He made a comic face and whined, rubbing his knee:</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">The accumulation of the</span><span class="style1"> </span><span class="style3"> anno Domini</span><span class="style1">.</span></p><p class="p_style0"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Sorry, Mr Bloom said.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style1">He went to the door and, holding it ajar, paused. J. J. O'Molloy slapped the heavy pages over. The noise of two shrill voices, a mouthorgan, echoed in the bare hallway from the newsboys squatted on the doorsteps:</span></p><p class="p_style14"><span class="style4">—</span><span class="style3">We are the boys of Wexford</span></p><p class="p_style15"><span class="style3">Who fought with heart and hand.</span></p><p class="p_style4"><span class="style0">EXIT BLOOM</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">I'm just running round to Bachelor's walk, Mr Bloom said, about this ad of Keyes's. Want to fix it up. They tell me he's round there in Dillon's.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style1">He looked indecisively for a moment at their faces. The editor who, leaning against the mantelshelf, had propped his head on his hand, suddenly stretched forth an arm amply.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Begone! he said. The world is before you.</span></p><p class="p_style2"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Back in no time, Mr Bloom said, hurrying out.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style1">J. J. O'Molloy took the tissues from Lenehan's hand and read them, blowing them apart gently, without comment.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">He'll get that advertisement, the professor said, staring through his blackrimmed spectacles over the crossblind. Look at the young scamps after him.</span></p><p class="p_style10"><span class="style2">—</span><span class="style1">Show. Where? Lenehan cried, running to the window.</span></p></div></body></html>